-Previously this season
on "Notorious Queens"...
-I've been working on my line
for the next season,
and I want to do, like,
a preseason fashion show.
So, I've been designing
swimwear for three years,
and I'm very passionate
about it.
These ladies probably think
I'm just a pretty face
and I have nothing to offer,
but I'm serious about what I do,
and I want to show them
that there's more to me
than meets the eye.
-I heard you're writing a book.
-Yeah, I wanted to write
about my life.
I want to write my memoir
because I want people to learn
that we all go through things,
and we can all
have second chances.
- Have you talked to your sons about it?
- No, I haven't.
-Do you think the reason why
you haven't talked to them
because you're afraid they're
gonna give you push-back?
-[Sighs] My biggest fears
about writin' this book,
it's how my family
are gonna look at me.
And I'm afraid if I tell them,
they'll talk me out of it,
and I'll end up
giving up on my dream.
I'm just feeling
a little confused about,
am I making the right
decision moving back,
and is it gonna be
a comfortable transition for me?
Which I'm sort of
struggling with.
I know I struggle
with trust issues with people.
I've been burned a few times.
That pain that I remember
is still here,
and I don't know if I can handle
being here in L.A. emotionally.
-I have my friend Mehgan here,
and I know that you're
gonna be able to find her
the man of her dreams.
-Period, 'cause I got a list.
-No one person ever gets
every single thing.
-Where my man at?
-Well, I will say,
I've come across an obstacle.
- "An obstacle"?
- He has a kid.
-I guess I could give it a try.
-My manager, she's like,
"La'Britney, I need you
to have the song,
mix, and master.
I need you to have
your listening party."
She gave me three weeks
to do all of these things
and pull all of this stuff
together.
- That's a lot of pressure.
- Yeah.
-If this don't go right
for that listening party,
we not even gon' have
to worry about finding a place,
'cause all the eggs
are in that basket.
We need to make sure
that that is right.
-If I have this listening party
and I don't do well,
then I'll probably be
on a plane back to Detroit.
-I was really surprised
that I'm the one that told you
and La'Britney didn't.
-Yeah. Why did you
have to tell me?
I'm still in my feelings
about La'Britney not telling me
that Stormey had a issue with
me.
I need answers.
You should have told me.
-I sensed the bullshit
when you walked in here.
Everybody and they fuckin'
feelings for no reason.
-You don't have to remind me
about shit -- never, ever, ever.
[Overlapping shouting]
-I'm gonna let you fuckin' know!
-Don't say shit now!
-This is the showdown
that I've been waiting for.
♪♪
-I want to support La'Britney
at her listening party
tomorrow night,
but I'm still heated.
I might not even know
if I can control myself.
I might have to call her out
in front of everybody.
-I honestly think that y'all should
just, you know, try to get past it.
-I'm still thinking about it.
I'll let you know tomorrow.
- Okay, let me know.
Hopefully, I see you, though.
-If I go to that party, I might
ruin the whole entire night.
♪♪
-♪ Glammin', bougie ♪
♪ Glamorous and glorious lady ♪
♪ Hustlers, a sting
like scorpions ♪
♪ And these queens
are notorious ♪
♪ Notorious ♪
♪ Notorious queens ♪
♪♪
-♪ Rock with me, come and dance,
come and dance with me ♪
♪ Uh, all my girls,
bounce with me, rock with me ♪
♪ I'm a savage, all my girls
won't see if they want it ♪
♪ They can have it, I ain't here
until I get the baggage ♪
♪ Rock with me, all my girls,
all my girls with me ♪
-No, I'ma need y'all
to tighten up.
It's time to work.
Y'all knew what
y'all was in for.
Come on, I need a little more
energy than that.
Let's go.
- I'm going!
-Let's go.
- Don't you see me?
- Yeah, keep working.
Till I see the right effort,
we gon' keep going.
Oh, no.
Oh, man, y'all are
struggling today.
-I will never drink again
before a work-out.
-Uh-huh.
[Laughter]
-My body, we had a long night.
A long night.
I have, like, a slight headache.
A little bit of --
Touch of hangoverness.
And after the way everything
went down last night,
I don't even know
if I feel like working out.
- Ugh.
- Good work.
- The struggle.
- Work.
Come on, little man!
They need some help out here!
-Come on!
Chop, chop, chop, chop!
- Moving like a old lady.
- Uh-oh.
- Whew!
- The disrespect!
- The disrespect.
- All right, we good.
I'ma cut y'all some slack today,
but y'all better not
pull this again.
-We appreciate you.
I think I got the blood moving.
- All right.
- I'ma be good.
-Call me a old lady again and --
-Okay, old lady.
Old lady!
- Thank you.
- For 'sho.
I'll see y'all tomorrow.
- He was so cute.
I wanted to see his whole face,
but his eyebrows is perfect.
Perfect skin tone.
- [Laughs]
Girl, we shouldn't have been
partying like that last night.
Normally, working out is, like,
a huge stress reliever,
but right now,
this argument with Toni
is still heavy on my mind.
-I'm just saying that I thought
that you might have
just came to say
something to me.
-I'm not no little kid.
I'm not playing.
-I'm not saying
you're a little kid.
Don't say I said
you was a little kid.
- I'm reminding you, though.
- You don't have to remind me about shit.
-I'ma say what the fuck
I wanna say, sweetie.
I'ma say what the fuck I wanna
say, so it is what it is.
It is what the fuck
it iiiiiiiiiiiiis.
Aaaaaah!
- Well, I love this house, girl.
- Thank you. Yes, I love it, too.
It was a little over my budget,
but it's worth it, though.
-Yeah, the layout is beautiful.
I love the space, the skylights.
-Yeah, and I'll be able
to be comfortable, you know,
and really be able to live
how I need to live, you know?
But L.A. expensive.
- Yeah, it is.
-Especially in comparison
to Detroit.
The real estate
is like night and day.
-Yeah, I've heard.
But, girl, yeah,
about that party --
Um, that conversation
kind of went left.
-I came from a genuine place.
Even when you came and told me
that you weren't
talking down on her --
- Exactly, exactly.
- It wasn't rude.
You weren't disrespecting her
or anything.
I know you and Toni
have a relationship.
I'm sort of new to her,
but we did hang out a while,
and I just felt like
I had caught a beat.
And I feel like I want to
talk to her about it
just to make sure that we don't
have nothing there,
you know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- And that it's clear.
- She's pretty direct, you know?
- Mm-hmm.
-So if she felt
like that about you,
she'll let you know.
- Yeah.
-When I did tell you that
and you didn't --
You wasn't messy about it,
you know what I mean?
And I really appreciate that
from you.
-Don't expect me to be
playing Mrs. Telephone
in the middle of nobody drama.
Like, I don't play these little
messy tea games, you know?
Leave that shit
for the Hollywood hoes.
-Well, obviously,
Mehgan is a prime example.
[Laughter]
Yeah.
-Okay, come on!
I like that.
I feel that Mehgan is messy
in her nature
and how she probably was
in Toni's ear about,
she can't trust La'Britney.
It's messy. Hater shit.
Mnh-mnh. You can see it
from a mile away.
I mean, you know,
Ray Charles could see that.
Girl, I ain't even got time
to even be thinking
about that right now.
I got the listening
party tomorrow
and all the pressures of that,
and this will be my first time
performing "Ducked Off" live.
You know, I can't wait
to feel the energy...
-Right
- from everybody in the room.
-And I'm glad that I was able
to give you the location
to do that.
- I hope, Toni still comes.
- I hope that she do, too.
-If she comes to the
listening party --
I don't even know if I want
to even talk to her,
'cause I'd hate for it to turn
into another yelling match.
At the listening party,
I need to focus on my career.
I don't have no time
to be wasting on petty fights.
We're supposed to be friends.
-I would hope that
it's not brought up there.
-Girl, please.
-♪ Light it up, up, up ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Light it up, light it up ♪
♪ Let out, hit club,
do your thing ♪
♪ Turn it up, that's what's up ♪
♪ We gonna have a good time ♪
♪ Ti-i-i-ime ♪
-Tonight, I'm hosting
La'Britney's listening party,
and it's really hard --
Especially during COVID.
But I'm just super happy
how everything's turning out.
So, we have
the intimate setting -- boom.
We have the tables,
we have the candles,
we have the flowers,
and we have the pool.
Come on! Perfect.
Hey, girl.
-Wow!
-Didn't I tell you it was gonna
be a lovely, sexy evening?
-You did tell me.
You did tell me.
This is beautiful.
Wow.
-Just for you!
[Laughter]
-Stormey completely outdid
herself with the decorations.
I mean, it's so beautiful.
Just a total vibe.
I'm feeling it.
Like, makin' me even more
excited for the performance.
-We have tables.
We have flowers.
We got candles. We got scenery.
- It's beautiful.
-We got you,
and we ready for the show.
-And I'm ready to put on a show.
I hope the people love the music.
- Mm-hmm.
It's COVID, so we can only have
a few people safely,
you know what I mean?
- And it's gon' be a good time.
Good energy.
- I want you to have a really fun performance.
You know, let it
just be you up there
and just be without any worries
and just be sexy
and just give it all you got.
-And I'm gon' do just that.
[Laughter]
So, usually, a listening party
is, like, a huge event
where you invite out press.
You will have your label
executives, other music artists.
You know, you normally would go
all-out for a listening party.
But because of COVID,
it's gon' be small and intimate.
Just a couple of people
in attendance.
So this is very different
than the usual.
- La'Britney's here.
- Period. She has arriven.
And we're at
the La'Britney show.
I brought that part.
[Laughter]
-To finally be able to check
this goal off my list...
This is Ashley.
- Nice to meet you.
-Hey!
-I feel accomplished,
and it's great.
Hey! How are y'all?
It's so pretty here.
- You look cute!
-Thank you. How are you guys?
- Oh.
- But, yeah.
- Hi, friend!
- Hi, bae.
- You look beautiful.
- Thank you.
Stormey did a great job,
though, right?
-It's beautiful.
It is so pretty.
And your outfit --
You look amazing.
-Thank you so much for coming.
I appreciate you for coming
out tonight -- for real.
Mehgan's here,
but I'm looking around,
and I don't see Toni.
-What is Mehgan doing?
-I'm over here trying to get
the vibes up, period.
- Whoo!
- To vibes up.
- Thank you.
- I did you -- you know.
- Yeah, thank you.
- Got you a little --
- Ooh, ooh.
- Cheers, ladies.
Thank y'all for coming
out tonight.
-Absolutely.
We're supporting you.
-Kill it.
- Uggghh.
- Love to see it.
Love to see it!
- [Coughing]
- Yeah, Stormey! Go hard!
- Oh!
- So...
- Anybody talk to Toni?
-[Sighs] I talked to Toni.
She said that she was
gonna think about coming,
so I think she gon' come.
- We just gon' stay optimistic.
And know that
she's supporting you.
Even if she's not here, she's
still always gonna support you.
-Yeah. But I thank y'all
for coming out tonight.
It's gon' be dope.
All right, y'all, I'll be back.
I hate having
this issue with Toni
just kind of lingering,
you know?
But I can't dwell on it
too much right now,
because this is a very
important night for me,
and I have to focus.
-Hey, ladies!
I want to introduce my friend.
This is Charis.
- Hi, Charis!
-This is Mehgan, Crystal,
Russell -- La'Britney's son.
He's performing tonight.
- Oh, nice!
-So, we're all here
to support La'Britney
and her performance tonight.
-I'm excited to check her out.
Thanks for having me.
- Well, thank you for coming.
You were important.
- Oh, well, hey.
[Laughter]
- The music executive right here.
West Coast legend.
- I am a veteran.
I'm an OG, so --
-So, Charis' name is gold.
She's worked with so many
artists over the years.
Charis' been in this game
for probably more than 30 years.
She's knowledgeable
about publishing.
She also has great connections
in the industry, as well.
So if Charis likes La'Britney,
that would be huge for her.
- Hey, girl.
- Hey.
-Girl, it looks like
something's on your mind.
-Yeah, I was just kind of bummed
because, like, I've been working
so hard on my fashion show.
And then, the set-up for
La'Britney's event is really nice,
but when I walked in,
I was really surprised,
because I thought
it was gonna be a party --
Like, a listening party,
With all this shit with COVID...
-Yeah, we just couldn't have
that many people here.
-Yeah. I did this
big casting call,
and the girls were amazing.
So beautiful.
- Aww, I'm sorry.
- And now, I'm bummed,
because it's like, now what?
-Yeah. I mean, shit.
- So, I don't know what I'm gonna do.
- Yeah.
-Like, I was thinking
big runway.
Like, balloons.
Hundreds of people,
chairs, decorations, a cake.
I'm not gon' be able to do this.
We back to square one.
-♪ Something worth saving ♪
♪ Babe, I been ducked off ♪
- Knock-knock.
- Hey.
- How are you feeling?
- Feel good. I'm ready.
- You ready to kill it?
- Yep.
- Want your mic so you can...
- Yes.
- get ready?
- I'm ready now.
- You need anything else?
- Yep, I'ma say a prayer.
- Okay.
-Lord Jesus, I thank you
for fathering us here today.
I ask that
you keep us covered, Lord.
Help me to hit every note,
every movement.
Give me the confidence, Lord,
and I'm so grateful
-All right, let's kill it.
You got it.
- Love you, Ashe.
- Love you, too.
-Knowing there's gonna be
a music exec watching me,
it's definitely like,
"Okay, La'Britney, you feel me?
You gotta shake these nerves
and really put on."
Because if and when I kill this,
you know mo' business
can come out of this --
More money.
I want this to be perfect.
Like, this is my career.
I want people
to take me serious.
I want them to watch
my performance
and want to work with me -- want
to introduce me to more people
and continue to build on
to what I'm doing.
So, yes, I definitely
want to make sure
this performance is top notch,
because I want this music exec
to be impressed.
♪♪
-Hey, everyone.
Thank you for coming.
I know this is a little different
than what we normally would do,
but thank you guys
for coming out
to check out her new song,
"Ducked Off."
♪♪
And without further ado,
La'Britney.
♪♪
-I decided to come because
me and La'Britney have
a lot of history, and I want
to support her career.
But the beef we have between us
right now is far from over.
♪♪
-How y'all feelin' tonight,
ladies and gentlemen?
Thank y'all so much
for coming out.
I'm excited to perform
this song for you.
It's called "Ducked Off."
Stormey, I feel like
you can relate to this.
This listening party
is a very intimate setting,
which means all eyes
and ears are on me.
I gotta nail this.
Ain't no room for mess-ups.
♪ So, now you wanna
work out things suddenly ♪
♪ Now you mean business,
wanna be keeping me company ♪
♪ I always played my part
just to keep you a part of me ♪
♪ Lost in my feelings
I cant get out, babe ♪
♪ Can't let my heart turn cold ♪
♪ If affection is guaranteed,
I ain't too hard to please ♪
♪ You don't hear what I mean
until I get up and leave ♪
♪ The message
you're sending me ♪
♪ That I should part ways
and just duck off ♪
♪ Give you space
♪ You want it back,
gotta show something ♪
♪ Something worth saving ♪
♪ Babe, I been ducked off ♪
♪ We don't even talk no more ♪
- ♪ More ♪
-♪ You want me, gotta show me ♪
♪ Something ♪
♪ Something that make me
me not give up ♪
Hey, ladies, I know you know
what I'm saying when I say
I had to duck off,
you know what I'm saying?
Because sometimes, you gotta
duck off to focus on yourself
so you can be
the best version of you
for the people around you.
Stormey, my girls
Mehgan and Toni...
Wow. [Laughs]
Thank you so much
for coming tonight.
I couldn't be more grateful
and thankful.
Y'all have a beautiful night.
[Cheers and applause]
I'm feeling good.
I'm feeling relieved.
Now it's time
to get back to work.
I'm actually getting ready
to shoot the music video,
and I'm gonna release it
so it'll be available
on all streaming sites.
Get back in the studio,
start recording new music
for a full-length project.
It's time to go even harder.
[Indistinct chatter]
Thank you so much.
- Great performance.
Great performance.
- Thank you so much.
Oh, hello.
- Ah, you were so good!
-Thank you so much.
What's your name?
- Charis.
Yes, Charis Henry.
- Both: Nice to meet you.
- Stormey, thank you so much.
- Oh, you're so very welcome.
We see that you are a star.
- Oh...
-Whatever, you need,
Stormey hook it up.
But you already know
that I'm there.
I heard that you you write, too,
so I'm really excited
to meet with you and your team.
-Yo, thank you.
I need these
connections and plugs.
I'm here to work.
That's what I'm here to do.
Full-time, so --
-And perform, too, I see.
- Yes.
- I would love to be
cheering La'Britney on
right now, but I'm still
in my feelings,
and it's hard for me
to turn them off
like that right now
and pretend everything is good.
If me and La'Britney are gonna
continue our friendship,
we need to hash out
our differences.
If we can't do that, we could
just be hi-and-bye friends.
♪♪
- [Sighs]
- ♪ Am I blind ♪
♪ Can't you see ♪
that over time ♪
♪ That we've been drifting ♪
♪ I think it's time
to say goodbye ♪
♪ To you and I,
I feel us shifting ♪
♪ I don't know, I don't know,
I don't know ♪
♪ Can we get on track? ♪
♪♪
-Toni invited me over today
to discuss our issue
at the pole dance party.
Even though she came out
and supported me
at my listening party,
we still have to
have a conversation
to lay our issues to rest.
Thank you so much for showing up
to my listening party.
I really appreciated seeing you,
especially, you know,
having unresolved issues.
-Right. I'm glad
you did come over,
'cause I wanted to discuss that.
- Yeah. Me, too.
- It got a little heated.
- Mm-hmm.
- I didn't mean for it to get that heated,
but it was like,
you started cussing.
You started moving your hands,
and to me, that was like,
"Well, why is she
doing all this?"
'Cause you know
what that means to us.
That mean, "Shoot, it's time
to fight or something."
You know, and I ain't
wantin' to do that.
-You know, I felt like your
approach, it was kind of shady,
and it reminded me
of, like, another time
when we kind of had
a little -- you know.
-And then, you brought that up,
and I was like --
-And that's why, though.
So, just like when we was
in Detroit, you feel me?
And you ran into me, and your little
smartass comment you made to me.
-That wasn't
motherfucking smart.
How smart was it?
-It was very smart.
It was very smart.
-And you didn't say shit then,
so don't say shit now!
Don't say shit now!
I didn't want you
to bring that up
because we'd kind of
resolved that.
-We did, but the energy
and then the way you were
handling the situation
reminded me of that time, too.
'Cause even that time,
I felt like --
I wish, in that moment,
you would have
approached me differently.
You know, instead of
her calling me
or pulling me to the side like,
"Yo, La'Britney,
I want to talk to you,"
she decided to kind of
call me out in front of people
with this snobby,
snotty attitude,
and I just didn't like that.
You could have pulled me to the side.
- Right.
-You know, I can understand
where you coming from,
but it's shade, and it's catty,
and stuff like that.
At the pole dance party,
you were coming at me like --
I feel like you was
questioning my loyalty
and my character as a woman.
You feelin' me?
- And I was questioning.
Because, like I said,
we both from the same area.
You know, we were surrounded
by the same people.
So you know how
we dip out, you know?
The whole BMF thing --
We carry that word.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, we tight.
Loyalty is important to me.
I'm a part of an organization
where we hold loyalty
at a high standard.
We base our relationships on it.
We took an oath on it.
And La'Britney
coming from Detroit,
she knows what
those letters mean,
so she should know
how we should roll.
-That's just all a part
of growing with one another.
-Right, 'cause we
out here together,
and I'm supposed to embrace
you and make sure you good
instead of, you know, attacking.
And I'm gon' always show the
utmost respect to you, you know?
- Yeah.
- And, you know, I apologize.
I didn't ever mean to be
disrespectful towards you,
you know?
I appreciate having
a woman like you.
I've never really had
a woman like you
out here with me,
you know what I'm sayin'?
-Thank you.
-My mom at home. My sister at home.
I admire a lot of the things
that you have going on --
Your non-profit, your book.
Like, you are
a really strong woman.
- Thank you.
- Like, respect -- for real.
-Hearing La'Britney saying
that she looks up to me,
it's really touching.
It's making me realize
that I need to do better
and I need to lead by example.
I want her to understand
that we can have differences,
but no matter what,
we have to respect one another.
-I don't want us to go that way
with each other, okay?
-'Cause I wanna push this.
I want to push you.
I want to see you grow.
I'm telling you,
you threw down at your show.
I was like, "Oh, I can
bump this in the car.
I can't wait to hear it.
I can't wait to help promote it,
so anything you need me to do,
I'm here for you.
-Knowing that Toni just wants
to see me win, I'm like,
"Okay, you know what?
I don't have to be so guarded.
I can let my guard down."
So I'm glad that I was able to
have this conversation with Toni
and just learn her more
and see that she really does
have my best interests at heart.
So, how are things
coming along with the book?
-I've finished
the first few chapters.
- Okay, congratulations.
- Oough. Thank you.
- How you feel about it?
- My emotions are everywhere.
-Has Terry read the book yet?
-I sent him
the first few chapters,
but I haven't had
a response yet.
I mean, we talk, but he's, like,
talking all around it.
Like, I know he's read it,
but I don't...
- Know how he feels about it.
- Yeah.
And so, I'm just waiting --
When he's ready
to talk about it.
Yeah, I'm not gon' push it.
A little bit at a time
and see what happens.
- Both: Yeah.
- I'm super nervous.
Is Terry gonna tell me
not to write it?
Is he gonna like it?
If he tells me
not to write my book,
there's gonna be a lot of
talking about this situation.
I don't know.
I just don't know.
But, girl, I know
you've got things to do,
so I'm glad you came by.
- Yes. Me, too.
Give me some love.
- All right, yes.
- Mmm.
- [Indistinct]
-Se you.
You have a good day.
- Okay.
- All right.
-♪ You can have my oxygen ♪
♪ You cmy oxygen ♪
♪ You can have
my oxygen ♪
[Knocks on door]
- Come in!
-[Sighs] Hey, girl.
How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
-I'm not so good.
- What's wrong?
- I don't know, girl.
I'm thinking about
canceling this fashion show.
-Oh, you can't do that. But why?
-Because I wanted
a fashion show.
Like, it means so much to me.
I want, like,
a lot of people to see it.
Like, I want buyers to be able
to come, and it just sucks.
Now that I know I can't
do a big fashion show
like I imagined
because of COVID,
like, what am I gonna do?
Ugh, I'm already stressed out.
[Sighs]
- What can I do to help?
'Cause I don't want you to give up on
what you've been working on, you know?
-I mean, what do you think
I should do?
-Well, I mean,
we can still do it here.
We can't have, like,
a big event,
but you can still
get some looks in.
Have your models come out
and try on their suits
and then have something
in the backyard, you know?
-So, we just do,
like, a photo shoot?
-Totally. I think
that'd be great.
So, even though Mehgan
did some two-faced shit,
I'm a strong believer
in second chances,
and I offered
my friendship to her
because she's in Los Angeles
without her family,
and I know what family
means to me.
I'm just glad that we were able
to put it behind us,
and now we're in a good place.
-Well, I mean, I did kind of
get a couple of emails
from a few retailers, so maybe
I could just put together, like,
a lookbook for the retailers.
- I think that's perfect.
- You think so?
- Yeah, absolutely.
-And we could just do it in the
backyard, get a photographer.
And maybe girls could probably
help me and be a part of it.
-Of course.
I would love to help.
-Since COVID, I can't have
that many people,
so I would love for you guys
to maybe model for me?
-Maybe! That sounds fun.
It sounds fun.
I would love to do it.
-Well, do you think
the other girls will be down?
- I think we'll all be down.
- Let's call them and see.
-Yeah. Let's see.
-Usually, before buyers
even take a meeting with you,
you have to send in a lookbook.
I want to use the girls
to model for me
because I'm making them
swimsuits anyway,
and it's free labor for me.
[Phone line rings, chimes]
Hey, sis.
- Hey!
- I need a huge favor.
- What's up?
-So, my fashion show
has now turned into a lookbook
that I have to present
to a retailer,
and I would love for you to just
please be a model for me.
Please?
- Of course, girl.
You know I love my angles.
- Ooh, let us see it.
Let us see it.
- Yeah, listen, it's gonna be lit either way.
-And you got
all the looks, period.
-We gon' get it poppin'.
[Phone line chimes]
- Hey.
- Hey, T.
I need a huge favor.
- Yes.
-Okay, so, we're gonna do
a lookbook for my new season,
and I was wondering if you could
be, like, one of my models,
because I need an extra girl.
So, could you just please be
one of my models, please?
- Nyegh.
- Come on, T, I need some--
-Teamwork, T!
Teamwork makes the dream work!
- I need your help.
- [Laughs]
-Please?
-Oough...
- Please?
- Okay, I got you.
- Promise.
- [Laughs]
[Laughter]
- Okay, I'ma call you back.
- Okay, okay.
- All right.
-See? It's all coming together.
-Okay, Positive Patty.
-Gotta be. [Laughs]
Gotta be.
Well, thank you so much
for helping me.
Like, seriously --
It means so much.
- You're so welcome.
- Like, seriously.
I don't know what I would do
without you, but --
-I appreciate you letting me be
a part of it, so thank you.
-I think Stormey and I
could be friends.
After everything
we've been through,
she's still willing
to help me out.
Like, I appreciate that.
This is a great way
for her and I to start fresh.
All right, well,
I have so much to do.
- You do.
- Yeah, so...
- Well, let me know if you need anything.
- Okay, cool.
I'll give you a call.
Thank you for having me over.
-And I'm glad that we were able
to figure everything out.
- [Falsetto] Yep.
- Or, rather, you were.
Okay, see you soon.
- See ya.
Bye-bye.
- Bye.
♪♪
-♪ So many times,
I think about ♪
♪ Picking up phone ♪
♪ But my pride gets in the way ♪
♪ And I don't know
if I want to carry on ♪
♪ If I let you slip away ♪
♪ 'Cause I miss you ♪
[Phone line ringing]
♪♪
-The last time me
and my son Jason spoke
was probably, like, in June.
He just won't talk to me.
He won't tell me
what's going on.
It's the most awkward thing
that I've ever been through.
[Phone line rings, beeps]
And I continuously call him,
like, every other day
just to get
a response of nothing.
No, it's just dry --
Like I just fell off
the face of the Earth, you know?
So it hurts.
It's really hurtful
not to hear his voice
or to see his face.
[Sighs] I'll try texting him.
I sent Jason my book to read,
and I'm really hoping
that this book will open a door
for me and Jason.
[Sighs]
I love my son dearly,
and I'm not gonna give up.
I'ma keep trying until he breaks
or he tells me something.
♪♪
♪ Girl, you're like
the "Mona Lisa" ♪
♪ The "Mona Lisa" ♪
♪ I wonder if you know
you're a work of art? ♪
♪ Girl, you know, you know
I need my "Mona Lisa" ♪
♪ Every time you smile,
I just fall apart ♪
♪ To me, you're just perfect ♪
♪ And go ahead
and strike a pose ♪
[Knocks on door] - ♪ I just
wonder, I just wanna know ♪
-♪ Who made you so perfect? ♪
♪ Every time you smile,
I just fall apart ♪
- Both: Hi!
- Oh, my God, you look so pretty.
It's very important
for this photo shoot
to go smoothly for me,
because I'm tired
of selling online.
I really want to get
my clothes into stores.
Like, I want to elevate
my business.
I want to elevate my company.
So, everything
has to go perfect.
I'm nervous -- a little bit --
Because it's such a huge deal.
'Cause, you know, it's like
a really big retailer,
and my dream was always
to have my swimsuits
in a high-end retail store.
So, if they hate them,
then I'm gonna probably --
Dead swimsuits forever.
I'm happy with the swimsuits
that I was able to complete.
They're really cute,
and I feel like I have
a solid line
for the photo shoot.
So, I'm wondering how
this is gonna work out,
because, like, I don't
have a "Plan B."
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
-Hey, ladies!
- What up, Storm?
- Hey! What's the deal?
- What's going on, sister?
- Chillin'.
How are you ladies doing?
- Hey, man.
-Hey, you ready
for these swimsuits?
- Yes, I am.
- Oh, hey.
-Always big hugs.
Always big hugs.
- Hey.
- What up, though?
Good to see you.
- Hey, T.
How are you?
- I'm good. How are you?
- Tragic.
- Why?
-So, I left one
of y'all's swimsuits out.
- [Gasps]
- Look, I got two swimsuits.
One of y'all swimsuits
is at home.
I'ma bring it on Thursday.
I hope it works out.
I'm sorry, but here are
y'all's swimsuits.
Here you go, La'Brit.
- Oh, she's cute.
- Yeah.
- Tiger kitty.
-I did the jungle fever theme.
So, hopefully...
- Oh, that's cheetah.
this works out for you.
- Oh, that's cute!
- Oh, yeah.
- Oh, she's cute!
- Thank you.
- I was actually surprised
that her fabric choices,
her color choices,
were all very on-trend.
I think her bathing suit's
pretty dope.
-Here's yours.
Stormey or Miss T,
y'all both a small,
so I did y'all a little
sexy one-piece.
-Oh, hell no.
Normally, a one-piece provides
a lot of coverage,
but that's gon'
show a lot of skin.
You gotta go for it today, then.
I'll be your hype girl.
-Okay, you can be the hype man.
Here you go, Stormey.
- Thank you.
- I want to help Mehgan out,
but, Stormey,
that's all you, girl.
-I can't wait
to tell y'all about this man
this matchmaker
done put me with.
- Ooh!
- Oh, wait, you got a man?
She got you somebody?!
- Let me tell y'all about sir.
Sir is 5'9", so that means
I can't wear no heels
on this date.
I gotta wear sneakers.
- Mm.
-And he got a kid.
-That's already two strikes
off your list.
-So, I'm just gonna date
'cause I'm hungry.
-Just go. It might be
good vibes, good chemistry.
You never know.
- You might be friends forever.
-They said fine. I ain't seen him.
-He might be the one.
- He 5'9", though.
- Whoever this guy is,
he has a lot of work
cut out for him.
I can't wait to hear
how this freakin' turns out.
- Hey, friends!
- Hey!
- I got the models for you.
- Love to see it!
- Ooh!
- They're pre-prepped,
so we're almost ready to go.
-But I need y'all
to drop these clothes.
I need them to see
800 West in action.
-Yeah, hello!
-♪ Yeah-yeah ♪
-♪ Hey, diamonds on my neck ♪
-Oh, cute, cute!
-Okay, we on a time limit.
People, let's get started.
So...
♪♪
-You're ready?
Mehgan can make a bomb swimsuit,
but I don't think
she know a damn thing
about directing a photo shoot.
-Try just coming from this angle
and not be so far.
- Do whatever you think.
- Okay.
-Y-- I don't know.
I don't know nothing
about no angles.
-We're gonna try
from this side more.
-I've never directed
a photo shoot before,
but I know this shit ain't it.
-Sexy! Sexy!
You're modelin'
for your man, period!
Make love to the rock.
Make love to the tree.
[Laughs]
[Laughter]
- This ain't workin'.
Does she even see
what the shot look like
way across there
on the other side of the pool?
-Like, okay, I'm over it.
I'm totally disappointed
with my photo shoot today.
It's really tragic.
♪♪
I'm scared.
- Wait, let me help you.
Let me help.
Where do you want 'em?
What do you think?
-I don't know.
See what you think.
-I like how she's standing
on that tree.
Angle back.
Yeah, that looks really good.
Back in the day, when BMF was
rollin' around these streets,
I was always at the front row
of the fashion show,
so I know how this should go.
Let Toni come on through
and help!
You and I got this.
Boo, you sit back. I got you.
Okay, give me a little
ponytail pull up there.
Yes.
- There you go.
- There you go!
- That looks good.
-Toni is killing it
as the creative director.
Like, is this
your photo shoot, sis?
- Yeah.
- Pretty. Yes. Love it.
Love it. Love it.
Yeah. just like that.
That looks good.
Oh, you got it.
That's pretty.
- ♪ Till you get a chain, dude ♪
- There you go, princess.
- Yeah.
- Ooh, that's cute.
- That one's cute.
- That one's really cute.
- I think Mehgan is very lucky
to have Toni on board today.
-Sit back like
you embracin' the sun,
Just not so far. Yeah.
-I think it all just
worked out in her favor
that the bathing suit
didn't show up, and now she has
a whole new creative director
person that's helping her out.
-Take your foot out a little
of the water.
Like, give us a splash.
[Camera shutter snapping]
♪♪
- That's a wrap!
- Whoooo!
-We did it!
-Love to see it!
Oh, my God, I'm so excited
this is over.
It went way better
than I expected.
Your name gon' be in the credits
as, "Creative Directed by T."
- Right? Period.
- Period.
-Overall, I think
the shoot was a success.
I didn't have to get
in a swimsuit,
I was able to help Mehgan out,
and now I can add
"creative director"
to my resume.
Bing.
- So, how do you feel?
-Relieved, bitch.
I'm so relieved.
Like, I'm glad that I was able
to pull it off.
- Yes, congratulations.
- Thank you so much.
-So, is it time to celebrate?
- Y'all know how we like to celebrate.
- Shots.
- Shoots!
- Y'all ready?
- We ready.
- Thank you, guys.
- Cheers.
- Cheers to a successful shoot.
- Yes, 800 West.
- Period.
Cheers to making a way
out of no way.
-Absolutely. Word.
♪♪
-Now that I've put
the lookbook together,
I can focus on my dating life.
The matchmaker
has found me a match,
but he only passes one thing
on my manifestation list,
and that's
"darker than a paper bag."
But I'm just gonna
give it a try.
Like, what do I have to lose?
♪♪
Hi.
- Hello, hello.
How you doing?
- Good.
I'm Mehgan.
- Dion. Nice to meet you.
Oh, we do hugs?
Okay, I like hugs.
Nice to meet you.
- [Gasps]
- Oh.
- Oops.
- It's all right, it's all right.
- Dang, you brought the wind in.
-I know. Man -- powerful.
- How are you?
- I'm good. I'm good.
How are you?
- Good. I'm a little nervous.
I've never been on a blind date.
- Oh, okay.
- You been on a blind date?
- I've never been on a blind date, no.
- Okay.
I don't think
I've ever been this nervous
about meeting a guy,
because in the back of my mind,
I'm like, "Well, what if this
5'9 guy's the man of my dreams
and, like, I've been wrong
all this time?"
Where are you from, Dion?
- I'm from California.
I stay in IE.
- Okay, cool.
-Rancho Cucamonga.
Doing fitness and stuff
out there.
-Oh, are you, like, a trainer?
Like, what do you do?
- Yeah. I'm a gym owner, a trainer.
- Oh, dope.
-It's dope. Let me take
these glasses off.
But yeah, no, it's dope.
- You have really nice skin.
- Oh, thank you.
- I need the whole story behind the nose ring.
- Ooh, nose ring.
Um, I don't know.
I might have seen it around
a couple of times.
-But why'd do you get two?
-I got one at one time,
originally.
Kept it, liked it.
And then, I was like "Maybe I'll
go back and get a hoop."
Yeah, you know?
Hoop earrings.
-No, I was checking out.
I was checking out.
- Yeah, that's my thing.
- Mm-hmm.
-Um --
-So, like, when's your birthday?
- March 20th.
- You, uh --
- I'm a Pisces.
- You're a Pisces.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Hmm, Pisces.
- Why that face?
- [Laughs]
Dion tells me he's a Pisces,
and one thing I know
about Pisces is that they do
spend money on they women.
So, that's a good sign.
No, Pisces are cool.
Ladies man, for sure.
- For sure we cool.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We adaptable.
We're adaptable, I'll say that.
I'll say that, yeah.
- You have kids?
-I do -- I have one.
I have one son. He's seven.
-Aww! So, are you still cool
with your baby mom?
- I am, yeah.
- Like, real cool?
-Nah, nah, not like --
Not like that cool.
No, no, for real. No, we, --
We technically weren't even,
you know what I'm sayin'?
Like, together when the whole --
- So, what had happened?
- You know how it go.
Oh, I know how it go,
and I hate to see it.
Mm. Don't believe it.
So, like, what are you looking
for in a woman or in a relationship?
-I'm looking for somebody
that's gon' add to my life.
- Mm-hmm.
- You know what I'm saying?
Be an asset, not a liability.
'Cause a lot of people
is... leeches.
-We gettin' deep now.
What's the criteria?
'Cause I got a list of 50.
- You got 50?
-You know, I made
my manifestation list --
My "man-ifestation" list.
-Oh I made made my
"Woman-ifestiation list."
-Yeah, so, I got a list.
Okay, what's your price here?
I gotta hear this. I gotta see
if I even meet this.
-I mean, I'm looking
for a good-looking woman.
- Okay, check.
- Check.
Good head on her shoulders.
-You know what I'm saying?
Her mental state cool.
- Check. [Laughs]
- You slowed down on that one.
All right.
- [Laughs]
I don't know,
you might think I'm crazy.
-Yeah, I mean, I'm --
I'm just trying to make sure
her mental state cool.
You know, as long as she's solid
and she feminine
and not on masculine energy
stuff like --
-What's masculine energy stuff?
Like, too dominant?
-Yeah. Like, trying
to control everything.
Trying to have a say-so
in everything.
Like, that's fine.
You can voice your opinion.
You know what I'm saying?
But if I feel like
this is the right move
and I'm going off my gut,
you just gotta rock with me.
-What? Does that mean that she
needs to sit down and shut up?
Does that mean that
she can't have an opinion?
I can have, like, a bit
of a masculine energy.
Like, I'm a very
independent woman.
Okay, biggest turnoffs.
-Biggest turnoffs.
Attitude.
Um --
-What kind of attitude?
- You know, snobby, bitchy type.
- Give me an example.
-Like, if you sittin' there
complaining about everything.
-Oh, okay.
-You know what I mean? That's just negative energy.
- Yeah.
- You complaining ain't gon' do me no good.
- Do you like Black girls?
- Of course.
-I'm just, like, "Bitchy? Me.
Attitude -- me.
Complain a lot -- me.
I guess I'm not his type.
Oh, what are your views
on cheating?
-What are my views on cheating?
I feel like open relationships
are cool if both people
have an understanding.
- So, basically, you agree with agreements.
- Yeah.
-'Cause I have a odd view about
cheating in relationships,
so I was just wondering what yours was.
- What's your view?
-I honestly believe in
cheating respectfully.
-Mm, okay. Explain it.
-So, for me, cheating is not
a deal-breaker.
Like, if I'm in love with a guy
and you he's taking care at home
and everything's good and he go on
a guy's trip and have a one-night-stand
with a stripper, I'm not
leaving my man for that.
But I don't usually just be like,
"Hey, you can cheat on me."
But I'm just saying, at least be
cautious of my feelings.
Like, you know what I'm saying?
So, I was just wondering.
- No, yeah, I feel that.
-You ain't got
no questions for me?
I'm sitting here
leading the conversation.
-And, I mean, I'm just bouncing
back and forth with you.
-Mm-kay. I'ma let you talk.
What you want to know?
- What do I want to know?
-Mm-hmm.
♪♪
So, I guess we gon'
get the fuck up outta here.
- I guess so. I guess so.
- Yeah.
-I'm not gonna lie --
I'm a little disappointed.
But since my date
was unsuccessful,
I'm gonna keep trying to
manifest the man of my dreams
that has all the qualities
that I want.
I deserve that.
Nice meeting you.
-Yes, definitely, definitely.
♪♪
-♪ One, two, three, four s n ♪
♪ We're the big shots now ♪
♪ You better look out ♪
- How you feeling, Mommy?
- I've been feeling good.
-Good. Good to hear.
Cheers to that
Some juice.
[Laughs]
I have a few of the girls
that's gonna come by and visit.
I hope you're okay with that.
-Oh, yes, I'm excited
to meet them.
[Knocks on door]
- Oh, I think they're here now.
Excuse me.
Give me one moment.
[Knocking continues]
Coming!
- Oh, hello!
- Hey, miss! How are you?
- Hey! Is this the rasta pasta?
- Yes, it is.
And it's freshly cooked,
and it's hot.
- Mehgan, this is my mom.
- Hello, how are you?
I'm Mehgan.
- You can call her Auntie Pat.
-Hi, Auntie Pat!
You look so pretty.
- Thank you.
- Do you like shrimp?
- Absolutely.
- Okay, okay!
I need your honest opinion, now, Auntie.
- I will.
-Okay. I decided to make
rasta pasta for the girls
because I done cook
like somebody's granny,
so I wanted to show off
my cooking skills
since I missed cooking night.
This is also a way
to say thank you
for all of the support
at the photo shoot.
-Hey, ladies! Welcome!
-Look at you, lookin' like
a breath of fresh air.
I love this color.
- Oh, hello.
- This is Auntie Pat.
Detroit's in the house,
right here.
-[Laughs]
- I heard you just got home.
- Yes, I did.
-I spent a little
time away, also,
but not as much time as you.
-Oh, yeah, it was a long time.
-Yeah. Well, welcome home.
- Welcome home.
- Yes, that's such a blessing.
Even though I never met
Stormey's mom before,
it's like we have
an instant bond
because we both
have been in prison.
I could tell that
she has been through a lot,
and I can relate to her
more than anybody.
- So, y'all, I went on this date.
- Fill us in.
- First of all...
- Was he 5'9?
- He was 5'8.
- [Laughs]
-And then, he had a nose ring.
But not one!
- Ooh, don't say it.
- He had two nose rings.
- Ugh.
-I could tell by your face
he was coming through ratchet.
-He was nice...
but he has a little kid.
But, you know,
I'm glad that I actually took
the opportunity to meet him,
because I'm not falling
outside of my list.
And he was way
outside of the list,
but he was nice.
-I'm so proud of Mehgan
even giving it a chance,
'cause she's talking about
the man she wants to date,
I'm thinking, "Shallow."
But she went on this date,
so she gave it a try.
So, maybe I judged her wrong.
-On a brighter note,
what's been going on with you?
-Me and little Russell been
chillin', gettin' settled in.
He lovin' Cali.
It's been so much easier
managing my career
and motherhood
all in the same city.
It's a breath of fresh air.
The listening party was amazing.
Thank y'all
for coming out, again.
Like, everything ended up
just working out well, you know?
-You go on tour,
I'm always available.
-You know she
a creative director now.
-I need you to come
direct and stuff.
-No, I was thinkin' about being
one of the backup dancers.
- Oh.
- Whoa!
-Ohhhh!
-♪ Everything I feel ♪
-I think that Miss T
need to sit down somewhere
and focus on her book
and stick to her day job.
Miss T, you cannot be
nobody backup dancer.
Period. What about you, T?
-Well, the book will be finished
in a few weeks.
-Congratulations!
-Have your man read this book?
♪♪
-Um, let me read to y'all
what he said.
♪♪
Y'all ready?
- Mm-hmm.
-Ready.
Is it good, or is it bad?
-Mm, let me read it to y'all.
"You are one of
the strongest women I know.
I've known you
for over 30-plus years,
and I know it takes a lot
for you to open up.
You're about to share
your whole life with the world,
and I couldn't be
more happier for you.
I used to call you
'the secret keeper, '
and I know that
it couldn't of been good
to have always held in so much
for so many years,
and it's time to release
and share your story.
You'll be touching
so many people,
and your story could help
so many lives."
- Aww.
- "Believe that.
Don't worry about me
and how I will feel
as long as you stand your truth.
I'll be 100% behind you.
Sometimes, it's hard for me
to understand you,
but this book will
help me understand
what you've been holding in
so deeply for years.
We've been separated for years
during our incarceration.
Reading your book will be like
getting to know you
all over again.
I know it will be good.
I'm proud of you, baby.
Thanks for" --
-Together: Awwww!
-"Thanks for giving me
the opportunity
to share this with you first.
Love always, T."
- Awww!
-T! I like him for you!
I love that.
-I was worried about
how Terry was gonna react,
but now that he supports me,
I feel like our relationship
is gonna be even stronger.
So I'm excited to hear
about you, sunshine.
Look at this green glowing.
-You so you guys know it's been
a up-and-down journey for me,
and I'm trying to decide if
this is the right decision for me.
I have so much anxiety
about certain things
and where I'm at in L.A.
It's just been
a roller coaster ride.
But, ultimately, my mom is here.
I do feel that being there
for her is my priority.
So, obviously, California
is just a no-brainer.
I'm gon' be here.
- I happy to hear it.
-So, California, here I am.
[Laughter]
- Come on!
-So, I've I'll come
to the realization
that I'm a lot stronger
in my life right now.
I'm just really happy
where I am in life,
and I know that
I have the confidence
and the tough skin
to face the paparazzi now.
-Where the rasta pasta?
-I've been waiting on this.
-Why are you looking like --
It's hot!
- It's hot!
- What --
-Okay, Auntie! Okay, T!
-Oven mitts next time!
- Yes!
- This look good.
- It smells delicious.
- Mmm!
-Don't you love to watch people
enjoy your food?
-I just like to eat and cook.
-Look at you
all growing up and stuff.
All grown up!
- I mean, look at all of us.
Look at the growth
since the day we met until now.
You know, like, it can only
go up from here, you feel me?
Like, especially when
you a notorious queen.
-Oh, we gotta
take a shot to that.
I'll be back.
[Laughter]
-I definitely think I'm wrong.
What I need to do
is find a house.
These past couple of experiences
have pushed me
to stay focused and keep going,
because at the end of the day,
as long as I don't give up,
it's gon' work out.
Ooooh!
♪♪
-I wanted to write
about my life.
I have a lot of things
I want to say to my family.
I learned to really
just start focusing on me.
I've learned that
I only have one life left.
Just about yourself, Toni.
Worry about yourself.
Give me a little
ponytail pull up there.
♪♪
-This is the goddamn paparazzi!
You see them
taking pictures of us?!
As an adult, sometimes,
we don't open ourselves up
to friendships.
You got me upset. Shut up.
Because you still talking.
And as long as we stay open,
then we'll be able to have
a great sisterhood.
[Laughter]
- I see you, girl!
♪♪
-Yo name gon' be in the credits
as, "Creative Directed by T."
- Right.
- Period.
I'm just happy that I got to
meet a group of women
that I thought I had
nothing in common with.
And, overall, this experience
with these new ladies
has taught me
a lot about myself.
-If I feel like
this is the right move,
you've just gotta rock with me.
- Cheers!
- Together: Cheers!
- To growth.
- Growth, prosperity.
- Happiness!
- Love!
- Love, life.
- Notorious queens.
- Bitch.
♪♪